The End
完
Return to start screen
返回起始屏幕
This game is made possible by our patrons:
本游戏的制作得益于我们的赞助人：
And a huge thank you to all the fans!
还要向所有粉丝们致以最诚挚的感谢！
Thank you
谢谢
You lost your teacher's job but still live in Evelyn's house.
你虽然失去了教师的工作，但仍然住在伊芙琳家。
It's an easy life with not much stress or responsibility.
这是一种轻松的生活，没有太多压力和责任。
You dominate her on weekends and play games all week.
你周末掌控着她，而整个星期都在玩游戏。
Enjoy your wealthy submissive and your early retirement.
好好享受你的那个有钱又顺从的伴侣，以及你的提前退休生活吧。
She keeps you tightly restrained or caged at all times.
她时刻将你紧紧束缚或囚禁在笼中。
As her slave, you get trained and live to worship her.
作为她的奴隶，你会接受训练，并为崇拜她而活。
You never go out alone, a permanent slave for your owner.
你从不独自外出，是主人永远的奴隶。
Evelyn kidnaps you and locks you in her private dungeon.
伊芙琳绑架了你，并将你锁在她私人的地牢里。
She keeps you bound and chained for years of education.
她用多年的教育将你束缚、捆绑了多年。
She trains you to become better but treats you like a dog.
她训练你变得更好，却把你当狗一样对待。
Only time shall tell if you will ever leave your prison.
你是否能走出这座“监狱”，唯有时间能给出答案。
Evelyn sold you to a foreign oligarch, your new Mistress.
伊芙琳把你卖给了某位外国寡头，也就是你的新女主人。
You are kept locked up in a secret location, in her harem.
你被囚禁在她的后宫里，藏身于某处秘密地点。
You fight everyday to survive and climb the slave ladder.
你每天都在为生存而奋斗，努力在奴隶阶梯上攀爬。
Only time shall tell if you will ever escape this place.
你能否逃离此地，唯有时间能给出答案。
Evelyn sold you and Sidney to an oligarch, your new owner.
伊芙琳把你和西德尼卖给了一位寡头，也就是你们的新主人。
You are both locked up in a secret location, in her harem.
你们两人都被囚禁在一个秘密地点，就在她的后宫里。
You lost your teacher's job and your academic career.
你失去了教师的工作，也断送了学术生涯。
To pay for rent, you found a maid job in a restaurant.
为了支付房租，你在一家餐馆找了一份女服务员的工作。
The salary isn't great, but you make lots of friends.
虽然薪水不高，但你能结交很多朋友。
You live a swinger's life with few responsibilities.
你过着放荡不羁的生活，几乎没有责任。
You lost your teacher's job and your nice career.
你失去了教师的工作和原本前途光明的职业生涯。
You and Mia find a maid job in a local restaurant.
你和米娅在一家当地餐厅找到了一份服务员的工作。
The salary isn't great but you two survive together.
虽然工资不高，但你们俩一起过得还行。
You never marry or retire because it's too expensive.
你既不会结婚，也不会退休，因为这太花钱了。
With hard work, you earn some money to get married.
通过努力工作，你能赚到一些钱来结婚。
You'll never be rich or famous but all you need is love.
你永远不会变得富有或出名，但你所需要的只是爱。
Later, you find a Mistress job in a local BDSM club.
后来，你在当地一家BDSM俱乐部找到了一份女主人（Mistress）的工作。
You train your submissive Mia to become a maid.
你训练你的顺从者米娅成为一名女仆。
You enslave her and enjoy a life of kinky pleasures.
你将她奴役，并沉溺于变态的欢愉之中。
Mia becomes a strict Mistress in a local BDSM club.
米娅在当地一家BDSM俱乐部里成为了一位严厉的女主人。
She enslaves you and trains you to become a maid.
她把你变成奴隶，并训练你成为一名女仆。
You enjoy a life of tight bondage with your owner.
你享受着与主人之间紧密束缚的生活。
Sidney takes you under her wing and enslaves you.
西德尼会把你收归麾下，然后把你变成她的奴隶。
She produces and sells videos where you get abused.
她制作并出售一些视频，视频中你会遭受虐待。
You get addicted to drugs as her permanent bitch.
你会沉迷于毒品，成为她永远的婊子。
You still see Sidney, becoming her permanent owner.
你仍然能看到西德尼，并最终成为她的永久主人。
She becomes your guard dog, your training assistant.
她成了你的看门狗，你的训练助手。
